Dean sons tent manufacturing facility in
China is a modern state-of-the-art
manufacturing setup with one of China's
largest tent manufacturing facilities it
reduces finest quality tents sheltered
in all accessories and one place we use
latest technology and modern techniques
to make our products reliable durable
yet economical our Quality Assurance
engineers check quality on each stage of
10 manufacturing
from cutting and designing the stitching
of the tent we hire qualified
professionals and does quality reflects
in the products they produce our robust
interchangeable parts are built to last
our tents and fabric structures back
down into incredibly compact space for
efficient shipping and storage enabling
us to lower the transportation cost
and this is why these sons is the
ultimate choice for world-renowned
organizations for their efforts to
provide relief and disaster and
emergency situations